Replace EFFRF with ERF (#291)
openscm/pymagicc: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> - (`#291 <https://github.com/openscm/pymagicc/pull/291>`_) Use the ``_ERF`` suffix for IPCC definition of Effective Radiative Forcing variables. This replaces ``_EFFRF`` which was a MAGICC specific version of Effective RF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#291 <https://github.com/openscm/pymagicc/pull/291>`_) Switch to using the ``_ERF`` suffix for IPCC definition of Effective Radiative Forcing variables. This replaces ``_EFFRF`` which is a MAGICC internal variable and was incorrectly labelled as Effective Radiative Forcing.
```
